How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?It quickly identified the difference between two text files and eliminated the need for line-by-line inspection of the files.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?You can see changes you or another programmer have made to the file to inspect changes while reviewing code or debugging. It can further isolate the areas of the code that have changed through time.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?Google docs can't infer a clear separation of intent when making changes to a document. That's better left to a human who can categorize their changes to determine when it's appropriate to keep track of each change.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?Because the primary use of Git for programmer deals with logical groups of files that are often edited together to make a change/fix/new code.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?You can use 'git log' to see the entire history of a respository. If commits contain useful descriptions, you can narrow down the commit of interest and determine the commit IDs.You can use 'git diff' to inspect the added/deleted lines between 2 commits by grabbing their IDs from a 'git log'How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?Because I would have a very thorough history of any changes made and the ability to iterate through those changes to find where something broke.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?Use git for the other Udacity courses to get (get it?) more familiar with the tool so that I can start using it on a regular basis.